Improved product vision/description (#12)
openscd/.github: profile/README.md

# ⚡️ OpenSCD - IEC 61850 SCL editing tool​

**For:** utility/integrator/vendor companies​  
**Who want:** to enable fully digital substations - from design and commissioning through to maintenance and replacement

> **OpenSCD** is ecosystem that allow flexibility, agility and efficiency in their SCL configurations​  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**OpenSCD** is an ecosystem that allows flexibility, agility and efficiency in SCL configuration
```

**That offers:** a web front-end, open-source, extensible, customizable, user-friendly SCL editing​  

Our product gives you flexibility and control over your own roadmap, and this ultimately prevents vendor-lock-in. The open-source community approach to developing software will help accelerate the energy transition. OpenSCD aims to provide modules to do system configuration as well as system specification.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```
